makes the output of 'astro preferences list' more verbose (#9381)
withastro/astro: .changeset/selfish-donuts-approve.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> makes the output of 'astro preferences list' more verbose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improves the CLI output of `astro preferences list` to include additional relevant information
```
